## Q: Describe the difference between `!` and `?` in Ruby. And explain what would happen in the following scenarios
`!`, when used as an operator, negates or "flips" the truthiness of an object. It returns the opposite boolean value that is the opposite truthiness of its argument. `!` is also used, by convention, at the end of a method's name to indicate that the method is destructive.
`?`, when used as an operator (or a part of one), is a part of the ternary operator. The ternary operator returns its second operand if the first operand is evaluated as true, and its third operand if otherwise. `?` is also used, by convention, at the end of a method's nameto indicate that the method returns a boolean value.

### What is `!=` and where should you use it?
`!=` is the inequality operator. It returns whether its operands are different. I can use it in a conditional in which I want it to return `true` when the two operands are different.

### Putting `!` before something, like `!user_name`.
Putting `!` before an object returns the boolean value that represents the opposite of the object's truthiness. If `user_name` does not point to `nil` or `false`, then `!user_name` would return `false`; otherwise, `true`.
(From Official Solution: `!<some object>` is used to turn any object into the opposite of their boolean equivalent.)


### Putting `!` after something, like `words.uniq!`.
Putting `!` after something, usually a method name, indicates that, by convention, the method is destructive.

### Putting `?` before something.
Putting `?` before something usually indicates that the expressions that follow the `?` are the rest of the teranary operation.

### Putting `?` after something.
Putting `?` after something, usually a method name, indicates that, by convention, the method returns a boolean value.

### Putting `!!` before something, like `!!user_name`.
Putting `!!` before something returns the truthiness of the object as a boolean value.
(From Official Solution: `!!<some object>` is used to turn any object into their boolean equivalent.)
